hey guys and welcome to the dota 2 how
to die for playing clinks this is a
quick guide given a view of abilities
some item and scaling suggestions and a
few gameplay tips links is an ad you
based hero who works well as an offline
semi-carry but can also play amid pretty
damn well and it's this kind of
versatility that makes him a solid
packed hero he starts with 15 strength
22 a G and 16 and and gains 1.63 and
1.55 respectively because of this clinkz
has a very low health pool throughout
the entire game and is really kind of a
fragile glass cannon style hero his
first ability is strafe
this causes clanks to gain a bonus
attack speed of 130 for 4 to 10 seconds
this is a huge boost to attack speed
that kind of allows claims to attack
considerably faster the cooldown a 45 30
seconds and a mana cost of only 90 this
ability has huge ganking potential which
is one of clinkz is strength his second
ability is searing arrows this causes
all of clinks his attacks to deal 2250
bonus damage and has a cast range of 600
so basically his auto attack range it
costs 8 mana per shot so it can be
manner intensive with the attack speed
from strafe but with lungs as item
builds this is not really an issue the
ability is a unique attack modifier
though it does tank with AI of scardy
meaning that clinked could technically
build an AI of scardy if you want it to
third is skeleton look where most of
clinks is strength comes from really
disability causes clinks to go invisible
and move 11 to 44% faster for the next
20 to 35 seconds with the cooldown of
only 20 seconds in a mana cost of 75 you
can practically stay infinitely
invisible and it's his best solo well it
is probably the best solo
arrow strength felt sorry in game
because frankly from level one you've
got unlimited stealth potential and well
hey you get to move faster but it also
allows you to move through units so you
don't have collision while that's active
which is basically o P as hell in this
his final ability is death pact this has
a cast range of 400 and will cause
clinks to eat a creep and gain a
percentage of that creeps health as
additional max health a percentage of
that damage as bonus damage against 50
to 80% of the creeps health as
additional max health and 5 to 8 percent
of the creeps damage the effect lasts
for 35 seconds and when it ends lynxes
max health is set back to normal however
current health remains unaffected item
wise on clinks starting out with three
Ironwood branches slippers of agility
circle it and some tangos is a decent
start this gives you early game damage
to last hit and with your stealth you
shouldn't be taking too much damage
following that up with the ring of
Aquila magic wand power treads and then
starting to work towards orchid
malevolence once orchid is finished
welcome getting an MK b and BKB followed
up by Daedalus butterfly if you feel
like it would be more beneficial you can
swap out the BKB with the Lincoln's or a
man tear or something along those lines
but you know it still has some kind of
spell block capability and can give you
h2 stats skills wise taking strafe at 4
12 and 13 sorry for 12 13 and 14 there
we go with searing hours at 1 3 5 and 7
skeleton walk at 2 8 9 and 10 and your
alt whenever possible and stats when you
have to this gives you the best kind of
escape and damage combo early game to
keep yourself alive and try and secure
those crucial last hits as clinks as a
hero that kind of needs the gold and XP
to do well general gameplay wise as solo
laner because while I mainly play him
off late you'll want to block the creep
on your way out
and look toward their poll camp please
can actually do this relatively safely
with your stealth and move speed buff
and beyond that orb cast searing arrows
to last-hit creep beyond that don't know
why okay just all cast that to last that
creep the extra damage makes it almost
impossible to be denied early game
because I mean if you're doing let's say
bonus 30 damage you've got your attack
damage which is fair plus + bonus 30
damage so you're gonna probably be
hitting harder than man and well hey
feel free to harass the enemy ability
because extra damage if your lane pushes
up spells near the creeps and you get to
experience that don't attack and kinda
let it count and push and also this
clinks you need to keep an eye out for
anyone with a single sentry ward as they
may be able to see you because the
single century means they've placed one
somewhere in your lane probably moving
towards the mid game you should ideally
have orchid and you can move around
freely to gank the silenced and bonus
damage combined with your queue allows
you to play out some immense damage very
quickly and you can easily kill off
heroes that are out on their own
late-game focusing on bursting down the
enemy's support is the key counterpoint
plinks is very good at killing supports
and although it's not the enemy carry if
you can kill the guy with a Mac before
he's used Mac or kill the sand King
before his used assault that takes out a
huge amount of utility from the fight
and well it's gonna help your team
drastically I hope you guys have enjoyed
this guide and found some useful info
hit if you have please remember to leave
a like and if you have anything to say
on it will leave a comment and I'll get
back to you
also for more dota 2 videos and guides
and that subscribe to my channel have a
great day guys and I will see you next
time